<html><head></head> <body>
    <div class="container" style="margin-top:62px;">
  <div id="Tips, Tricks, Gameplay" style="position:relative; 
float: right; margin-left:25%;width:80%;">
   <center> <h1><u> Tips, Tricks, Gameplay </u></h1></center>
        <div id="Gameplay" style="position:relative;width:100%; 
border-style: solid;">
        <div id="Gameplay">
       <center> <h2><u> Hero Tips </u> </h2>
        <table>
  <tbody><tr>
    <td><div class="box"> <a class="button" id="button1" href="#popup1">Adagio</a> </div> <div id="popup1" class="overlay"> <div class="popup"> <h2>Feeling the Burn?</h2> 
<a class="close" href="#button1">x</a> <div class="content"> 
Adagio’s burn from using his healing ability though not noticed 
most of the time except for when it slows, actually does a fair 
amount of damage. Also since attacking enemies who are inflicted 
with burn regens your energy you can harass your opponents very 
easily. Even if you aren’t a Laner.  </div> </div> </div></td> 
<td><div class="box"> <a class="button" id="button2" href="#popup2">Alpha </a> </div> <div id="popup2" class="overlay"> <div class="popup"> <h2> Shut up and 
Explode</h2> <a class="close" href="#button2">x</a> <div class="content"> CP Alpha, what an annoyance. No worries 
everyone, because with the item Echo she gets much worse. Now 
not only do you have to kill alpha twice in a short amount of 
time with echo being used right she can have her 3rd life 
regened instantly. All she has to do is use her ult, then use 
echo; it’s that simple!  </div> </div> </div></td> <td><div class="box">
    <a class="button" id="button3" href="#popup3">Arden </a> 
</div> <div id="popup3" class="overlay">
    <div class="popup">
        <h2>You Can’t Run and You Can’t Hide</h2>
        <a class="close" href="#button3">x</a>
        <div class="content">
            Arden’s echo wall is a very beautiful thing. But 
have you ever had someone go invisible and wait out both of 
their duration? Well there’s two neat little fixes to that. One 
counter is to use Ardens A on himself, the ability will do 
damage to a small area around you and pull anyone who’s 
invisible near you out of it. The second trick is a roam trick 
that you will find in the gameplay tricks section.
        </div>
    </div> </div></td> <td><div class="box">
    <a class="button" id="button4" href="#popup4">Baron </a> 
</div> <div id="popup4" class="overlay">
    <div class="popup">
        <h2>Is it A bird?, a Plane?, Nope it’s a Salvo</h2>
        <a class="close" href="#button4">x</a>
        <div class="content">
        Baron although is a monster both cp and weapon when 
building damage normally, he has a fun little trick to him 
that’s not that commonly known. Barons A’s cooldown can be sped 
up much more than one could ever need. By buying enough cooldown 
items you can bring the cooldown to where you can’t aim and 
reactivate the ability fast enough before the next shell is 
ready. Throw in some frostburn and have at it in some Blitz.
        </div>
    </div> </div></td> <td><div class="box">
    <a class="button" id="button5" href="#popup5">Blackfeather 
</a> </div> <div id="popup5" class="overlay">
    <div class="popup">
        <h2>They Fall For Me So Easily</h2>
        <a class="close" href="#button5">x</a>
        <div class="content">
            Black Feathers A ability does not have a cap against 
heroes. Now for those who don’t know it does bonus damage based 
on the enemy's missing health (As long as they have 
fullheartthrob stacks). Fully Upgraded it does 20 percent of 
missing health, however it scales with 20 percent weapon 
power...So stack 2 sorrow blades and get your extra 60 percent 
missing health damage today!
        </div>
    </div> </div></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><div class="box">
    <a class="button" id="button6" href="#popup6">Catherine</a> 
</div> <div id="popup6" class="overlay">
    <div class="popup">
        <h2> The Ultimate Tank</h2>
        <a class="close" href="#button6">x</a>
        <div class="content">
            Catherines passive is that she gains an Armor stack 
every time she stuns or silences an enemy hero with her 
abilities Thanks to the E.U. Youtuber Jinko we now know that the 
ability caps at a total of 999. Cool right? Sad part is even if 
you play for around an hour stunning at every chance you will 
likely end the game with around 100-150 stacks.
        </div>
    </div> </div></td> <td><div class="box">
    <a class="button" id="button7" href="#popup7">Celeste</a> 
</div> <div id="popup7" class="overlay">
    <div class="popup">
        <h2>Oh the stuns</h2>
        <a class="close" href="#button7">x</a>
        <div class="content">
            Rather than fully upgrading lovely Solar Storm 
ability, if you fully upgrade Celeste’s B ability you get a 
large buff to its stuns time, we’re talking a whoppin 1.5s; the 
stun is longer than Catherine’s (1.2s). And its cooldown it 
shorter than Catherine’s too. Soooo, Celeste roam? Stun comps?
        </div>
    </div> </div></td> <td><div class="box">
    <a class="button" id="button8" href="#popup8">Flicker</a> 
</div> <div id="popup8" class="overlay">
    <div class="popup">
        <h2>Mr. Steal your farm</h2>
        <a class="close" href="#button8">x</a>
        <div class="content">
            Flicker, a hero if not countered correctly is 
probably the most annoying in the game therefore….abuse it. 
Flicker right now is often used only to set up large ambushes or 
defend retreating teammates, but what happens if you make him a 
heavy hitter and put him in their backs early game before the 
sentry spawns? Using his A ability also to steal farm is very 
efficient too as it does its damage ticks quite fast.
        </div>
    </div> </div></td> <td><div class="box">
    <a class="button" id="button9" href="#popup9">Fortress</a> 
</div> <div id="popup9" class="overlay">
    <div class="popup">
        <h2>Can’t stop the bleeding?</h2>
        <a class="close" href="#button9">x</a>
        <div class="content">
            Have you ever had a Krul, Reim, Rona, Alpha, Lyra, 
Adagio, etc. who just wouldn’t die? Well there’s a quick fix to 
that. Percent Health Damage. Fortress’s B and C abilities apply 
bleed, when hitting 6 stacks if the B ability is maxed it will 
do 20 percent of their max health, now let’s make it more 
deadly, add on an aftershock to get another 15 percent of their 
health deleted, and then add crystal ratios. The B ability 
scales with 5 percent of crystal so if there was two 
shatterglasses in the build an extra 15 percent damage is added. 
Add it all together you’re doing 50 percent of the enemies 
health in one shot.
        </div>
    </div> </div></td> <td><div class="box">
    <a class="button" id="button10" href="#popup10">Glaive</a> 
</div> <div id="popup10" class="overlay">
    <div class="popup">
        <h2>Punt-a-Jungle-Sentry</h2>
        <a class="close" href="#button10">x</a>
        <div class="content">
            Self Explanatory. As a cooldown glaive build go try 
punting your local jungle sentry into a turret you could be 
surprised by him switching to attack it and then crashing VG if 
he beats it. If you already knew that then how about this one 
maxing your Ult isn’t worth it. Yep you’ve been doing it wrong 
this entire time, that lifesteal doesn’t change past the first 
rank of the ult.
        </div>
    </div> </div></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><div class="box">
    <a class="button" id="button11" href="#popup11">Grumpjaw</a> 
</div> <div id="popup11" class="overlay">
    <div class="popup">
        <h2>Nom Nom Nom</h2>
        <a class="close" href="#button11">x</a>
        <div class="content">
            Haven’t played as him yet but man….the slow is real
        </div>
    </div> </div></td> <td><div class="box">
    <a class="button" id="button12" href="#popup12">Gwen</a> 
</div> <div id="popup12" class="overlay">
    <div class="popup">
        <h2>One Shot One Kill</h2>
        <a class="close" href="#button12">x</a>
        <div class="content">
            Her hero ability is so low key op. When her basic 
attack is charged she deals (assuming you’re maxed level) 120 
plus 45 percent of your weapon power ADDITIONAL DAMAGE. Let’s do 
some math shall we? Base Damage 132 plus two sorrow blades 
equals 432 Weapon Damage. Add on the empowered shot damage 120 
plus 135 (45 percent of 300) and you now do 687 damage per shot. 
Try out 5 sorrow blades and a breaking point in Blitz for some 
real fun.
        </div>
    </div> </div></td> <td><div class="box">
    <a class="button" id="button13" href="#popup13">Idris</a> 
</div> <div id="popup13" class="overlay">
    <div class="popup">
        <h2>Piggy Back Riding Like a Pro</h2>
        <a class="close" href="#button13">x</a>
        <div class="content">
            Idris’s ult is a oddball in VG, it allows him to hop 
onto the back of friend or foe an become invulnerable for 1.2s 
(on enemies) or 2.8s (on allies) while only dealing 1 damage to 
them. This single point of damage and the duration of the 
latching on can lead to some odd experiences. For one, if you 
latch onto a hero who is using a movement ability such as a jump 
or teleporting ability you will be brought with them. This 
remains true for when they are moving through walls also or 
teleporting. Fun fact, the single damage doe does not cancel a 
recall so if you hop on someone who is returning to base friend 
or foe you go with them.
        </div>
    </div> </div></td> <td><div class="box">
    <a class="button" id="button14" href="#popup14">Joule</a> 
</div> <div id="popup14" class="overlay">
    <div class="popup">
        <h2> Extra Defense</h2>
        <a class="close" href="#button14">x</a>
        <div class="content">
            Ever wondered where exactly Joules extra shielding 
ends? Well in the VG 8 Spring Season opener with the EU week 1 
the Devs said that from the front of joule her extra shields are 
both at 70 degree angles. If knowing this doesn’t matter to you 
then how about the fact joule can steal gold mine and kraken 
from lane with big red button?
        </div>
    </div> </div></td> <td><div class="box">
    <a class="button" id="button15" href="#popup15">Kestral</a> 
</div> <div id="popup15" class="overlay">
    <div class="popup">
        <h2>Glimmershot</h2>
        <a class="close" href="#button15">x</a>
        <div class="content">
            Kestrals glimmer shot if you look closely you will 
notice that it spreads out, now right before it spreads it will 
deal its weapon damage the rest of it is considered the crystal 
damage part of it.
        </div>
    </div> </div></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><div class="box">
    <a class="button" id="button16" href="#popup16">Koshka</a> 
</div> <div id="popup16" class="overlay">
    <div class="popup">
        <h2>Possible Strat.</h2>
        <a class="close" href="#button16">x</a>
        <div class="content">
    Koshka thanks to her heroic perk is one of the few heroes 
who can easily go without boots, so that should be taken 
advantage of. Instead of buying boots buy a fourth offensive 
item.
            </div>
    </div> </div></td> <td><div class="box">
    <a class="button" id="button17" href="#popup17">Krul</a> 
</div> <div id="popup17" class="overlay">
    <div class="popup">
        <h2>Not a viable strat but...</h2>
        <a class="close" href="#button17">x</a>
        <div class="content">
            Ever wondered how must lifesteal you can have? Well 
let’s find out. You can get up to 25% using serpents mask, then 
10% for every other poison shiv bought with some attack speed so 
it’s somewhat viable. Right there that totals up to 75% 
Lifesteal, now to add on Krul’s ability for lifesteal.
        </div>
    </div> </div></td> <td><div class="box">
    <a class="button" id="button18" href="#popup18">Lance</a> 
</div> <div id="popup18" class="overlay">
    <div class="popup">
        <h2>Map Positioning.</h2>
        <a class="close" href="#button18">x</a>
        <div class="content">
            Lance is all about positioning, so the question is 
where is the best place for a fight with him? It’s not the lane, 
nor is it the bushes near the kraken it’s actually the small 
area in between the lane and the jungle. In that area lance can 
easily land his impale and follow up with Gythian wall stun 
since it is a narrow path.
        </div>
    </div> </div></td> <td><div class="box">
    <a class="button" id="button19" href="#popup19">Lyra</a> 
</div> <div id="popup19" class="overlay">
    <div class="popup">
        <h2>Teleport strats</h2>
        <a class="close" href="#button19">x</a>
        <div class="content">
            Everyone knows lyra can teleport from lane to kraken 
and can easily back door vain-crystals. But there are some other 
ways to use her teleport. If timed correctly it can be used to 
force an enemy laner into the turret by teleporting into the 
direction they are walking. It can also be used to lure the 
enemy team into an ambush in a separate brush.
        </div>
    </div> </div></td> <td><div class="box">
    <a class="button" id="button20" href="#popup20">Ozo</a> 
</div> <div id="popup20" class="overlay">
    <div class="popup">
        <h2>Distance is not a problem</h2>
        <a class="close" href="#button20">x</a>
        <div class="content">
            Ozo’s B ability acrobounce has an interesting effect 
on it. Once its targets have been set it can follow through to 
hit the enemy no matter how far they run or teleport. (However if he gets 
stunned, rooted, etc the bounce will of course stop.) Also checkout the V.G. Youtuber Jinko and his video of Idris's Ult vs. Ozo's.
        </div>
    </div> </div></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><div class="box">
    <a class="button" id="button21" href="#popup21">Petal</a> 
</div> <div id="popup21" class="overlay">
    <div class="popup">
        <h2>No effort needed</h2>
        <a class="close" href="#button21">x</a>
        <div class="content">
            Petal is easy mode in a certain sense. All petal 
needs to do is attack her target one for her munions to 
continuously attack them, meaning as long as she stays within 
her munions “leash” range she doesn’t have to do any of the 
attacking. So she can hide in a nearby brush as her munions have 
at it.
        </div>
    </div> </div></td> <td><div class="box">
    <a class="button" id="button22" href="#popup22">Phinn</a> 
</div> <div id="popup22" class="overlay">
    <div class="popup">
        <h2>Team Player</h2>
        <a class="close" href="#button22">x</a>
        <div class="content">
            Phinn has one of the most team wide defensive 
abilities in the game. The reason being is because of how it 
works with his heroic ability. His heroic perk gives him 15% 
more health/armor/shield from items, his B ability scales with 
6% of the health and 20% of the armor/shield. That lets him 
fortify his teammates health by ridiculous amounts.
        </div>
    </div> </div></td> <td><div class="box">
    <a class="button" id="button23" href="#popup23">Reim</a> 
</div> <div id="popup23" class="overlay">
    <div class="popup">
        <h2>Stay right there.</h2>
        <a class="close" href="#button23">x</a>
        <div class="content">
            If there is a hero who can keep people from getting 
away it is Reim. He has a root that covers 360 degrees around 
him, if built with frostburn you have that added slow, lastly 
throw on a Shiversteel to have a slow applied on basic attacks 
and the couldn’t get away from your ice pillars if they tried.
        </div>
    </div> </div></td> <td><div class="box">
    <a class="button" id="button24" href="#popup24">Ringo</a> 
</div> <div id="popup24" class="overlay">
    <div class="popup">
        <h2>A fearsome Red but scarier Blue</h2>
        <a class="close" href="#button24">x</a>
        <div class="content">
            We all know Ringo is mainly used for weapon carry 
however his cp ratios are very strong too. Especially his 
Ultimate which: fun fact; can be activated from inside the brush 
without revealing you. When building cp Ringo it is good to know 
the strengths of each ability: Max the A only if you find 
yourself chasing or running away most of the game. Max the B if 
you want more consistent damage build up (especially if you’re 
coming from maining wp Ringo), and lastly max the Ult. if you 
want ridiculous damage that has 100% armor/shield pierce.
        </div>
    </div> </div></td> <td><div class="box">
    <a class="button" id="button25" href="#popup25">Rona</a> 
</div> <div id="popup25" class="overlay">
    <div class="popup">
        <h2>Burst and Sustain</h2>
        <a class="close" href="#button25">x</a>
        <div class="content">
            Rona can have massive burst or sustain it all 
depends on what you use your rage build up on. Using your rage 
build up on your A Ability adds an extra percent of your damage 
for every point of bloodrage used. So if it consumes 100 
bloodrage then you do double your normal damage. Now to have 
sustain simply have a lifesteal item breaking point and plenty 
of health to fortify. From there it’s ult and spin to win.
        </div>
    </div> </div></td>
  </tr>
    <tr><td><div class="box">
    <a class="button" id="button26" href="#popup26">Samuel</a> 
</div> <div id="popup26" class="overlay">
    <div class="popup">
        <h2>Low Key heal meta</h2>
        <a class="close" href="#button26">x</a>
        <div class="content">
            Ever find yourself really low on health and you have 
your echo item just sitting there? Well if you use drifting dark 
and echo it while walking next to the enemy lane minions you 
will find yourself healing back to almost half of your health. 
This is due to drifting darks heal effect; per minion it will 
heal 10 per second each minion wave has 4 minions. So using only 
one drifting dark will heal you 40 per second in lane, using two 
will heal you 80 per second. Side note, drifting dark 
empowerment does not stack.
        </div>
    </div> </div></td> <td><div class="box">
    <a class="button" id="button27" href="#popup27">Saw</a> 
</div> <div id="popup27" class="overlay">
    <div class="popup">
        <h2>Fun Facts: The Dank shank</h2>
        <a class="close" href="#button27">x</a>
        <div class="content">
            Dank Shank doesn’t do missing health bonus damage to 
turrets.It will do a set damage based off your crystal power. 
Dank shank can help you achieve the second fastest run speed in 
the game simply throw on some journey boots and start running. 
You can kill yourself with the dank shank easily by hitting a 
catherine whose shield is up and around 25% health.
        </div>
    </div> </div></td> <td><div class="box">
    <a class="button" id="button28" href="#popup28">Skarf</a> 
</div> <div id="popup28" class="overlay">
    <div class="popup">
        <h2>Goop Vrs Turret Strat.</h2>
        <a class="close" href="#button28">x</a>
        <div class="content">
            Using Skarf’s goop you can burn through a turrets 
shielding as long as you have at least 150 crystal power and 
maxed the B. Now say you have 250 (shatter glass and frostburn) 
you can burn through its shield and do about 10% of its health. 
Now if you grab a clockwork a drop a second goop on the first 
one so that it will burn even faster through the turrets health 
all without the assistance of your team or minions.
        </div>
    </div> </div></td> <td><div class="box">
    <a class="button" id="button29" href="#popup29">Skye</a> 
</div> <div id="popup29" class="overlay">
    <div class="popup">
        <h2>Suristike</h2>
        <a class="close" href="#button29">x</a>
        <div class="content">
            Suri strike can be used for the obvious such as 
dodging and repositioning or just damaging enemies, however 
there are some tricks that can also be done with it. 1: You can 
Suristrike through walls. 2: You can Suristrike across the map. 
(Check out the youtuber jinko to see it in action) Also Death 
from above and Suri do not do enough damage by themselves to 
take down a turrets shield like Skarfs goop.
        </div>
    </div> </div></td> <td><div class="box">
    <a class="button" id="button30" href="#popup30">Taka</a> 
</div> <div id="popup30" class="overlay">
    <div class="popup">
        <h2>Can’t touch this</h2>
        <a class="close" href="#button30">x</a>
        <div class="content">
            When playing taka it’s a common strat to unload both 
his A ability and his x-retsu in the same attack however after 
experimenting for some time it seems the better option is to 
only x-retsu the enemy then go invisible for bit, reappear to 
refresh the mortal wound, then kaiten over them when they start 
to attack you then retreat and do the process again. This attack 
pattern worked well with cp, wp, and cooldown taka builds.
        </div>
    </div> </div></td>
  </tr><tr>
    <td><div class="box">
    <a class="button" id="button31" href="#popup31">Vox</a> 
</div> <div id="popup31" class="overlay">
    <div class="popup">
        <h2>Come in close or stay away</h2>
        <a class="close" href="#button31">x</a>
        <div class="content">
            Vox is a great hero for keeping enemies at a 
distance wp or cp. If WP they need to get in close and kill you 
before you get them especially if you’re using a double tyrant 
build.As for a cp build if they try to get close you can simply 
run away while hitting all nearby enemies with resonance 
bounces. It is very important when running away to time when you 
use both your A ability and your B. Using you A to dodge aimed 
attacks like Lance’s impale and using the B to slow enemies who 
are using boots to chase you.
        </div>
    </div> </div></td>
  </tr>
    
</tbody></table></center> <style> .box {
  width: 25%;
  margin: 0 auto;
  background: rgba(255,255,255,0.2);
  padding: 15px;
  border: 2px solid #fff;
  border-radius: 20px/50px;
  margin-left: 0%;
}
.button {
  font-size: 1em;
  padding: 10px;
  color: #8b0000;
  border: 2px solid black;
  border-radius: 20px/50px;
  text-decoration: none;
  cursor: pointer;
  transition: all 0.3s ease-out;
}
.overlay {
  position: absolute;
  top: 100px;
  bottom: 0;
  left: 0;
  right: 0;
  background: rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.7);
  transition: opacity 500ms;
  visibility: hidden;
  opacity: 0;
}
.overlay:target {
  visibility: visible;
  opacity: 1;
}
.popup {
  margin: 70px auto;
  top:100px;
  padding: 20px;
  background: #000;
  border-radius: 5px;
  width: 40%;
  position: relative;
  transition: all 5s ease-in-out;
}
.popup {
  margin-top: 0;
  color: #8b0000;
}
.popup .close {
  position: absolute;
  top: 20px;
  right: 30px;
  transition: all 200ms;
  font-size: 30px;
  font-weight: bold;
  text-decoration: none;
  color: #333;
}
.popup .content {
  max-height: 30%;
  overflow: auto;
  color: #FFF;
 
}
</style> <style></style>
        </div>
        </div>
        <div id="Gameplay2" style="position:relative;width:100%;border-style: solid;">
       <center> <h2><u> Map Related Tips </u> </h2>
        <h4><br><u> Travel</u> <br> <br> *Fastest Speed Possible: Using Blackfeather's A ability one can hit the fastest speed in game theoretically; the speed would be gained from 4 shatterglass's,1 broken myth,1 clockwork.This allows for his A Ability to grant a speed boost of 19.72<br> 
<br>
*Slowest speed possible: Alpha holds the title to this one, Using her A to get an immediate 80% slow, add on 40% from a shiversteel, another 35% from frostburn maxed out, and lastly 30% from dragonblood contract. Now if the slows all worked like that you would have a slow of 185% <br>
<br> *Areas/walls that can be 
traversed:<br> <img src="https://drive.google.com/uc?id=0BwCSfDds2skuMUNUc0RNRXZ6MlU" style="width:100%;">
 <br> <br><u> Countering Invisibility</u> <br> <br> 1.So you 
get matched against a Flicker or Taka or Kestral and for some 
reason you don't buy contraptions. Well there is hope found in 
the bushes, but only if you meet the requirements. First 
requirement: You must be in the bushes first before the 
invisible enemy. Second requirement you have to pay attention to 
your health bar if it is lit up then there is an enemy it the 
bush with you if not and it's dark then you’re alone. <br> <br> 
2.Try to pick heroes with projectile or AoE that way you can 
knock your enemies out of invisibility when they go invisible. 
The larger the AoE the easier it is to catch them as they make 
their escape.
 <br> <br><u> Late Game Kraken:</u> <br> <br> Is she worth 
it? Well it depends, if the situation is a 3 vs 3 around Kraken 
then she’s not worth to take but she is a good fight starter. If 
you’re going for a steal it’s not worth it. Especially if it's a 
1 vs 3. By late game the carry and jungler should be able to 
take down a kraken after it takes only a single turret however 
if there is someone dead, then the enemy team can harass prolong 
the krakens life costing your team more turrets.
 <br> <br><u> Early 
Game Elder Treant:</u> <br> <br> Looking to secure that first kill 
of the game bonus? Simply dance around that Treant after 
clearing your front jungle farm. Let the Treant do some free 
damage to your enemies then when the opportunity comes try to 
either go for the kill or steal the treant. Whoever hits level 2 
first is generally going to win that fight so stay weary. </h4></center>
        </div>
       <div id="Gameplay3" style="position:relative;width:100%;border-style:solid;">
       <center> <h2><u>Mini-Games<br>
 (To be played in the new practice mode coming with 2.3)</u></h2>
        <br>
        <br>
        <h4><u>Juggernaut:</u>(Based off the Youtuber Gatorrex's)
        <br>
        <br>
                1vs3, 1 Player is allowed to build all T3 Items and Infuse while the opposition can only build up to T2 items and use no infusions. Game goes until one of the sides Vaincrystal is destroyed.
                <br>
                <br>
                <br>
               <u> King of the Fold:</u>
                <br>
                <br>
                Deathmatch to control the Kraken. Only the Kraken is allowed to attack Turrets and the Vaincrystals; Each team must have 1 player to act as "King", 1 player to act as "Noble", and 1 to be "Peasant". Kings are the only ones who can build T3 Items, Nobles build T2, and Peasants build T1. Everyone can use consumables.Game ends when Vaincrystal is destroyed.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<u>Protect the Jungle!:</u>
<br>
<br>
Jungle/Captian Heroes only. Game ends when enemy Jungle Sentry lives are depleted. Only T2 Items allowed, there is no returning to base/"backing" either.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<u>Sniper Wars:</u>(Based off the Youtuber Gatorrex's)
<br>
<br>
Only cooldown items (echo included). Using only aim/projectile based abilities only, make it to 20 Kills. Skarf's A, Celestes Ult, Kestrals A and Ult, Idris's B, Ect. are all examples of the abilities allowed.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<u>Its a trap!:</u>
<br>
<br>
One Team must be Taka, Flicker, and Kestral. On that team only Kestral is allowed to attack the enemies while taka and flicker build boots and clockworks, Kestral builds only cp builds. The other team is only allowed to use T2 attack items and defense items. If the Invis. Team gets 10 kills they win, if the Hunting team gets 20 kills then they win.       
<br>
<br>
<br>
<u>Those who don't die:</u>
<br>
<br>
Build the Tankiest and most survivable hero comp. possible, first team to 15 kills wins. No boots, No Armor piercing/shield piercing items.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<u>Coup d'etat:</u>
<br>
<br>
Stormguard Heroes vs Non-stormguard Heroes. Stormguards can only have 2 Offensive items T3 Items and the rest defense, the non-stormguard heroes can only have 1 T3 offensive item and 1 T3 defensive item the rest are T2 Offensive. Game ends at 25 Kills.
</h4></center>
</div>
<div id="comments" style="border-style:solid;border-color:black;width:100%;">
<center>
<form method="POST" action="//script.google.com/macros/s/AKfycbwafC_AZkhIlZDwniPhiu1CTAZwAhGzAS1EknN1tWPWeT7iw5Q2/exec">
Name:
<br>
<input name="Commenter" type="Commenter">
<br>
Email:
<br>
<input type-"commenteremail"="" name="Email">
<br>
Comment:
<br>
<textarea name="Comments" rows="6" cols="30"></textarea>
<br>
<input name="submit" value="submit" type="submit">
</form>
</center>
</div>
 </div> </div>
    <div class="container" style="position: fixed;top: 0;bottom: 
0;left: 0;float: right;width: 100%;height: 60px;margin: 0 0 0 
0;background: black;Opacity:1">
        <div id="header">
            <center>
            <h1 style="margin-top:auto;margin-bottom:auto;color:white;"><big>Stormguard 
Stats!</big></h1>
            </center>
        </div> </div><div class="container" style="position: 
fixed;top: 0;bottom: 0;left: 0;width: 20%;background: 
black;Opacity: 1;">
            <div id="sidebar">
    <div id="VG icon">
    <img src="https://drive.google.com/uc?id=0BwCSfDds2skuY2RtdC1PM2NwcEk" style="margin-top:-20%; bottom:0; left:0; right:0;" height="55%" width="105%">
    </div>
    <div id="Username link" style="margin-left:10px;margin-top:50px;">
        <a href="UserStats.php">
            <h2>UserStats</h2>
        </a>
    </div>
<div id="Matches Link" style="margin-left:10px;margin-top: 
20px;">
                <a href="MatchesPage.php">
    <h2>Matches</h2>
    </a>
        </div> <div style="margin-left:10px;margin-top: 20px;" id="Tips,Tricks,Gameplay Link">
               
    <h2 style="color:white;">Tips and Tricks</h2>
    
        </div>
    
    <div id="Vainglorious Icon">
        <img src="https://drive.google.com/uc?id=0BwCSfDds2skuaHAteGFtdHpFUFk" style="width:150px; height:150;">
    </div>
    
        </div>
    </div> 
</body></html>